= To Insane!
A small String and Integer extender that allow you to use a base larger than 36 and use custom character sets for base conversion.
Default max of 67.
Also include url safe integer conversion.

=== Donate

I did not really make this library I just modified it off this guy. Donate your money to him.

If you find this library useful, please consider a donation to show your support!

http://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_send-money
  
Paypal address: mailto:dougal.s@gmail.com

=== Install
  
  $ sudo gem install to_insane

== Usage

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'to_insane'
  
  # Int to insane (Default: Base 58)
  1337.to_insane # => n3
  
  # From insane to Int (Default: Base 58)
  'A2Ph'.from_insane # => 7033619

  # Different Bases
  'A2Ph'.from_insane(50) # => 4507467
  4507467.to_insane(50)  # => 'A2Ph'

  # Different Character Sets
  'A2Ph'.from_insane(4,'A2Ph') # => 27
  27.to_insane(4,'A2Ph')

  # Other Inputs
  # :url_safe uses the max number characters that are RFC URL non reserved
  # :max uses the max number of characters for given character set. Default character set is 87
  27.to_insane(:url_safe) 
  27.to_insane(:max)

== Info
Default Character set. I choose not to use any slashes or quotes of any sort to prevent breaking

  INSANECHARACTERS = '0123456789abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHJKLMNPQRSTUVWXYZ-._~+[]|$!*(),{}^<>#%;?:@&='

== Credits

Ryan Ong - http://ryangong.net
Douglas F Shearer - http://douglasfshearer.com

Test examples courtesy Fraser Speirs' Base58Encoder Objective-C class, http://gist.github.com/101674.
